I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
I am Beyoncé, always.
I declare bankruptcy!
That's what she said.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
I'm an early bird and a night owl. So I'm wise and I have worms.
I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good.
I understand nothing.
I have no idea what I'm doing, but I know I'm doing it really well.
I'm not saying I invented the turtleneck, but I was the first person to realize its potential as a tactical garment.
The worst thing about prison was the dementors.
I'm a perfectionist, but I'm also lazy. It's a terrible combination.
Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone can write anything about any subject.
I don't hate it. I just don't like it at all and it's terrible.
My mind is going a mile an hour.
I'm not usually the butt of the joke. I'm usually the face of the joke.
If I had a gun with two bullets and was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.
I don't understand. We have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but not one for the guy who invented the peanut butter cup?
I am downloading some N3P music.
There's no such thing as an appropriate joke. That's why it's a joke.
I love inside jokes. I'd love to be a part of one someday.
The only time I set the bar low is for limbo.
I'm not a millionaire. I thought I would be by the time I was 30, but I wasn't even close.
I have cause. It is beCAUSE I hate him.
You know what they say. Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice, strike three.
The eyes are the groin of the head.
I am totally gonna bang Holly.
I'm going to make this way harder than it needs to be.
That's why they call it murder and not mukduk.
I don't want to work, I just want to bang on this mug all day.
Mo money mo problems.
Here it is, heart of New York City, Times Square. Named for the good times you have when you're in it.
I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other.
You don't know me, you've just seen my penis.
I'm not offended by homosexuality. In the 60s I made love to many women, often outdoors, in the mud and the rain.
I have flaws. What are they? I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering.
Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked.
When I'm dead, I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
I guess the attitude that I've tried to create here is that I'm a friend first and a boss second.
The people that you work with are just, when you get down to it, your very best friends.
I saved a life today... My own. Am I a hero? I really can't say, but yes.